Remove duplicate content: Roles & Responsibilities (#18920)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/participating.md

pull request (PR), and anyone is welcome to file issues about content or comment
on pull requests in progress.

> If you want to do more, you can become a [member](#members),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also become a [member](#members),
```

{{% capture body %}}

> ## Roles overview

Reviewer: I prefer the existing language. It's good to be clear that different roles also carry responsibility.

- **Anyone** can contribute to Kubernetes documentation. To contribute, you must [sign the CLA](/docs/contribute/start#sign-the-cla) and have a GitHub account.

> - **Members** of the Kubernetes organization are contributors who have spent time and effort on some area of the Kubernetes project, usually in the form of opening pull requests. See [Community membership](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md) for membership criteria.

Reviewer: It's good to be clear that merely opening pull requests isn't a path to membership.

```suggestion
- **Members** of the Kubernetes organization are contributors who have spent time and effort on the Kubernetes project, usually by opening pull requests with accepted changes. See [Community membership](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md) for membership criteria.
```

- A SIG Docs **Reviewer** is a member of the Kubernetes organization who has
  expressed interest in reviewing documentation pull requests, and has been
  added to the appropriate GitHub group and `OWNERS` files in the GitHub
  repository by a SIG Docs Approver.
- A SIG Docs **Approver** is a member in good standing who has shown a continued
  commitment to the project. An approver can merge pull requests
  and publish content on behalf of the Kubernetes organization.
  Approvers can also represent SIG Docs in the larger Kubernetes community.

>   Some of the duties of a SIG Docs approver, such as coordinating a release,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Some duties of a SIG Docs approver, such as coordinating a release,
```

  require a significant time commitment.

## Anyone

Anyone can do the following:

> - File a GitHub issue against any part of Kubernetes, including documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a GitHub issue against any part of Kubernetes, including documentation.
```

> - Provide non-binding feedback on a pull request

Reviewer: For bulleted items, use periods consistently or not at all. Either choice is potentially valid; consistency is the key.

> Anyone can do the following:

Reviewer 2: Hello @celestehorgan , thanks for the updates. Some suggestions:
nit: lines 37 & 39 are nearly identical
nit: line 39 is identical to `Contribute` index page, Getting Started
nit: line 55, add a new line (list not rendering)
nit: Do you need line 58, (use prow command, `lgtm`) under `Anyone` role? Instead, `Anyone` can provide feedback about the [proposed] changes.

Author: Thanks for the feedback! The only one I'll push back on are:

> nit: line 39 is identical to `Contribute` index page, Getting Started
- They do need a little bit of overlap in this case – especially to drive home the important point that anyone can contribute. If we dive straight into the roles and responsibilities portion of this, we'll scare off casual contributions, because they'll think they somehow need to attain membership before contributing :)

- Bring up ideas for improvement on [Slack](http://slack.k8s.io/) or the [SIG docs mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubernetes-sig-docs)

> - Use the `/lgtm` Prow command (short for "looks good to me") to show that you're happy with the changes in a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `/lgtm` Prow command (short for "looks good to me") to show your approval of changes in a pull request.
```

> - Use the `/lgtm` Prow command to add the LGTM (looks good to me) label to a pull request.

Reviewer 3: Possible other wording if you prefer it @celestehorgan:
```markdown
- Use the `/lgtm` Prow command (short for "looks good to me") to show that you're happy with the changes in a pull request?
```

Author: 👍

  If you are not a member of the Kubernetes organization, using `/lgtm` has no effect on automated systems.
  {{< /note >}}

> After [signing the CLA](/docs/contribute/start#sign-the-cla), anyone can also do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After [signing the CLA](/docs/contribute/start#sign-the-cla), anyone can also:
```

  commitment to the project. An approver can merge pull requests
  and publish content on behalf of the Kubernetes organization.
  Approvers can also represent SIG Docs in the larger Kubernetes community.
  Some duties of a SIG Docs approver, such as coordinating a release,
  require a significant time commitment.

## Anyone

Anyone can do the following:

- Open a GitHub issue against any part of Kubernetes, including documentation.
- Provide non-binding feedback on a pull request
- Bring up ideas for improvement on [Slack](http://slack.k8s.io/) or the [SIG docs mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/kubernetes-sig-docs)

> - Use the `/lgtm` Prow command (short for "looks good to me") to show your approval of changes in a pull request.

Reviewer: Now that I think about it, using "approval" to describe something that isn't `/approve` seems fraught. Maybe "affirm"? 
```suggestion
- Use the `/lgtm` Prow command (short for "looks good to me") to affirm the changes in a pull request.
```

Author: "Affirm" is a little confusing in this context. I'm going to try the following:

```
- Use the `/lgtm` Prow command (short for "looks good to me") to recommend the changes in a pull request for merging.
```

    GitHub issue to show approval and then closes the GitHub issue.
    Congratulations, you are now a member!

> If for some reason your membership request is not accepted, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your membership request is not accepted, the
```

membership committee provides information or steps to take before applying
again.

## Reviewers

Reviewers are members of the
[@kubernetes/sig-docs-pr-reviews](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/teams/sig-docs-pr-reviews)
GitHub group. Reviewers review documentation pull requests and provide feedback on proposed

> changes. Reviewers can do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes. Reviewers can:
```

> - Everything listed under [Anyone](#anyone) and [Members](#members)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do everything listed under [Anyone](#anyone) and [Members](#members)
```

- Document new features
- Triage and categorize issues
- Review pull requests and provide binding feedback

> - Create diagrams, graphics assets, and embeddable screencasts / videos

Reviewer: Use words instead of slashes.
```suggestion
- Create diagrams, graphics assets, and embeddable screencasts and videos
```

- Localization

> - Contribute to other Kubernetes repositories as a docs representative

Reviewer: We don't really have representatives as such. Anyone can advocate for better docs.
```suggestion
```

> - Edit user-facing strings in code

Reviewer 3: Do you have to be a reviewer to make these edits?

Author: @sftim I question that as well? This was a direct copy of the original content, but it seems a little odd to me.

Reviewer: Anyone can edit these; no reviewer status required.

> - Improve code comments, Godoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve code comments
```

GitHub group. Only members of the `kubernetes-website-admins` GitHub group can
add new members to a GitHub group.

### Approver responsibilities

Approvers improve the documentation by reviewing and merging pull requests into the website repository. Because this role carries additional privileges, approvers have additional responsibilities:

- Approvers can use the `/approve` command, which merges PRs into the repo.

    A careless merge can break the site, so be sure that when you merge something, you mean it.

> - Make sure that proposed changes meet the contribution guidelines.

Reviewer: Link the contribution guidelines

the advice PR owners get from automated systems about who to ask for technical
and editorial review of their PR.

## How merging works

When a pull request is merged to the branch used to publish content (currently
`master`), that content is published and available to the world. To ensure that
the quality of our published content is high, we limit merging pull requests to
SIG Docs approvers. Here's how it works.

- When a pull request has both the `lgtm` and `approve` labels and has no `hold`

>   labels, the pull request merges automatically.

Reviewer 3: Prow also makes sure that the change passes automatic tests.

- Kubernetes organization members and SIG Docs approvers can add comments to
  prevent automatic merging of a given pull request (by adding a `/hold` comment
  or withholding a `/lgtm` comment).
- Any Kubernetes member can add the `lgtm` label, by adding a `/lgtm` comment.
- Only an approver who is a member of SIG Docs can cause a pull request to merge
  by adding an `/approve` comment. Some approvers also perform additional
  specific roles, such as [PR Wrangler](#pr-wrangler) or

>   [SIG Docs chairperson](#sig-docs-chairperson).

Reviewer 3: Might be worth clarifying that sometimes a PR gets `/approve` before `/lgtm`.

the advice PR owners get from automated systems about who to ask for technical
and editorial review of their PR.

## How merging works

When a pull request is merged to the branch used to publish content (currently
`master`), that content is published and available to the world. To ensure that
the quality of our published content is high, we limit merging pull requests to
SIG Docs approvers. Here's how it works.

- When a pull request has both the `lgtm` and `approve` labels, has no `hold`
  labels, and all tests are passing, the pull request merges automatically.
- Kubernetes organization members and SIG Docs approvers can add comments to
  prevent automatic merging of a given pull request (by adding a `/hold` comment
  or withholding a `/lgtm` comment).

> - Any Kubernetes member can add the `lgtm` label, by adding a `/lgtm` comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any Kubernetes member can add the `lgtm` label by adding a `/lgtm` comment.
```

> - Only an approver who is a member of SIG Docs can cause a pull request to merge

Reviewer: There's got to be a simpler way to say this. Maybe:
```suggestion
- Only SIG Docs approver can merge a pull request
```

- Kubernetes organization members and SIG Docs approvers can add comments to
  prevent automatic merging of a given pull request (by adding a `/hold` comment
  or withholding a `/lgtm` comment).
- Any Kubernetes member can add the `lgtm` label by adding a `/lgtm` comment.

> - Only SIG Docs approver can merge a pull request

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Only SIG Docs approvers can merge a pull request
```
